Liao Fan, are you alright?
It's okay, it's not life-threatening.
only
Incapacitated
Liao Fan, if you don't have a last word
I'll order someone to do it.
Liao Fan, tell me the truth
You and Chen Zhanwang and my father
Was there any conspiracy to kill?
Dragon Bolt absolutely not
Lord Imperial Preceptor
According to the laws of Great Xia
I was born
The right to make a judgment
Let the lord sentence me to life and death
What!
You want to judge
Yes, even if I die in the end
I will also die in front of the truth
Imperial teacher imperial judge
It is one of the five foundations of the Great Law
So many people came to witness today
You don't disregard the law, do you?
It's good to steal as long as Qin Shuangxue arrives at the dungeon
That's when we turn around
Hum Yu Qian Duan
Do you match this too?
Zhang Zihao, I can see through you
Dogs at least know loyalty
You're not even as good as a dog
Waggle your tail at whoever is strong
Good birds choose wood for habitat
I appreciate it with the Imperial Preceptor today
Look, I won't peel your skin today
If you go to the imperial power
Report to the Lord of State that the person has been caught
I should pay attention
Don't kill yet
Stay at the entrance. Shh
Xiaofan, don't think I don't know what you're thinking
I'm thinking you think Chen Tianjiao escaped
He will find a way to get you
Humph
So what if I was?
So what if it's not
In three minutes, Gao Xiaoyun will turn over
You will see the end of Chen Tianjiao
I want you to go to hell with despair